---
layout: post
title: "Basic Prototype"
date: 2019-05-08
excerpt: "First Step"
tags: [BasicPrototype]
comments: true
---

<h1><b>Requirements:</b></h1>
The basic requirements of the Money control app include
1. Homescreen – The homescreen should contain the 5 most recent transactions, the total balance and  button to add expense or income.
2. Visual stats – Based on the categories or split ups, the overall expense as well as expenses per category must be illustrated with a pie chart.
3. Settings- A settings button is required in order to either add or alter a category based on user requirement.
These requirements can be summarized by means of user stories as shown below
<h4><i>Epic 1 (Upon entry) As a user I need add few things upon my first entry of the application <i></h4>
Story 1 As a user I want add all my mode of transaction/Account(available amount) upon first entry (Cash, Number of accounts) 
Story 2 As a user I want add all my recurring expenses upon first entry 
Story 3 As a user I want to add all my recurring incomes upon first entry 
Story 4 Pin and personal details ? 
  <h4><i>Epic 2 (Homescreen) As a user, I require the home screen to display summary </i></h4>
Story 1 As a user I want my last five transactions to be displayed on the homescreen 
Story 2 As a user I want my total balance to be displayed on the home screen 
Story 3 As a user I need an option to add expense/income at the home screen 
  <h4><i>Epic 3 (Show Expense) </i></h4>
Story 1 As a User, I need a summary all my expenses grouped together by month 
Story 2 As a User, when I select a month I need all the transactions of the month to be displayed (Date Amount Category) 
Story 3 As a User, I would like to edit a transaction previously entered by selecting a particular transaction 
<h4><i>Epic 4 (Add Expense) As a User, I need the following while adding a new expense (Date, Amount, Category, Account, Notes, Recurrence) </i></h4>
Story 1 As a user I want to select the date from a calendar activity 
Story 2 As a user I want only the number pad to be displayed when entering the amount 
Story 3 As a user I want the category to have a filter options to select from (example : Shopping, Cinema, Supermarket) 
Story 4 As a user I want options of all my accounts to select from (example : Cash, Card) 
Story 5 As a user I want optional notes field 
Story 6 As a user I need to select whether the particular expense is recurring or not
 <h4><i>Epic 5 (Show Income) </i></h4>
Story 1 As a User, I need a summary all my incomes grouped together by month
 Story 2 As a User, when I select a month I need all the incomes of the month to be displayed (Date Amount Category) 
Story 3 As a User, I would like to edit a income previously entered by selecting a particular income 
<h4><i> Epic 6 (Add Income) As a User, I need the following while adding a new income(Date, Amount, Category, Account, Notes, Recurrence) </i></h4>
Story 1 As a user I want to select the date from a calendar activity 
Story 2 As a user I want only the number pad to be displayed when entering the amount 
Story 3 As a user I want the category to have a filter options to select from (example : Salary, Bonus, Allowance) 
Story 4 As a user I want options of all my accounts to select from (example : Cash, Card) Story 5 As a user I want optional notes field 
Story 6 As a user I need to select whether the particular income is recurring or not 
<h4><i> Epic 7 (Visual stats) As a User, I need the following visual stats based on filters and split-ups </i></h4>
Story 1 As a user, I want to see a pie chart of all my expenses divided based on category for each month or year 
Story 2 As a user, I want to see a pie chart of all my incomes divided based on category for each month or year 
  <h4><i> Epic 8 (Setting) As a User, I need the following settings option </i></h4>
Story 1 As a user I want an option to add/delete/change the available options for category and account 
Story 1 As a user I want an option to make changes to the recurring income and expenses Pin

Use <b>Case diagrams </b> draw a relationship between the user and the tasks he has to perform. So in short, a use case diagram describes a particular functionality of the Android application.

The above use case diagram summarizes the overall  functionality of the app. The actor, in this case the user first views the homescreen which has the following options:
1. Create a new entry
2. View the recent stats.
The creation of the financial entry involves adding an expense or income based on the specific category. The expense or income is entered with respect to the specified date and time.
The stats are the viewed from the database where the 5 most recent transactions and the total balance are stored.

<h2><b>Requirement Analysis</b></h2>
<h4><b>Gathering Requirements</b></h4>
The requirements were gathered  during the regular weekly meetings that are held with the customer. The weekly interrogative sessions helped us come up with a finalised set of requirements. The frequent communication among team members through Trello and Whatsapp also made collecting the requirements more efficient.
<h4><b>Analysing Requirements </b></h4>
Our team iteratively updated the requirements based on three categories







1. Basic Requirements
2. Essential Requirements
3. Nice-to-have Requirements.
With these classifications and communication among team members, the requirements were easily structured.

<h3><b>Specifying Requirements and mapping to user stories/use case </b></h3>
Requirement specification was carried out by adhering to the specifications given by the customer and the classifications created by us. With the customer requirements and effective ordering of these requirements in the respective classification, we as a team were able to come up with a design of the entire app. The user stories were created based on the basic and essential requirements and thereby following the basic protocols of a user story
Use case diagram was created based on the functionality of the entire app and thereby establishing the relationship between the user(actor)and the respective tasks to be performed for using the app.




S
<h3><b>Wrong Assumptions</b></h3>
The  wrong assumptions were firstly, we mistook user stories and sprint planning to be the same. Upon clarification, we understood the differences.
Secondly, we thought that the app was a multi-user app. But later, during the meeting with the customer we understood that the app is a single-user app

