---
layout: post
title: "Beta Prototype"
date: 2019-06-25
excerpt: "End of the Beginning"
tags: [BetaPrototype]
comments: true
---

Your budget buddy welcomes you to read our fourth and last blog of this month. In this blog we would be explaning about the software testing methods we chose and how we implemented it.

<p>A software's success or failure is evaluated based on it's ability to deliver the requirements, fulfilling the user's expectation and running without faults. There are multiple software testing techniques to measure and determine the software quality.</p>

<h2>TESTING PHASES</h2>
<ul>
<li>Unit Testing</li>
<li>Integration Testing</li>
<li>System Testing</li>
<li>Acceptance Testing</li>
</ul>

<p>Software quality and assurance is verified and validated using Static & dynamic testing methods. We used Black Box and White box testing methods to implement the testing phases.</p>


<h2>BLACK BOX TESTING </h2>
<p> Black box testing uses a specifcation-oriented test design and it should not involve the internal logic. The tested cases are framed with a set of characteristics. These characteristics can define on how a system works and how/when to stop the testing. So using these test cases derived from use cases senarios. </p>

<p>We will describe few use case scenarios to define how we used black box testing in our Software Development Life Cycle. Below are the five uses cases which were tested by users</p>

<div class="tg-wrap"><table id="tg-r1WGW">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Test Case ID&nbsp;</th>
<th>Scenario</th>
<th>Data Value 1&nbsp;</th>
<th>Expected Output 1&nbsp;</th>
<th>Data value 2&nbsp;</th>
<th>Expected Output 2&nbsp;</th>
<th>Actual Result&nbsp;</th> 
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Add an income</td>
<td>
  <ol>
    <li>Open the application and select the navigation drawer</li>
    <li>Click the add income </li>
    <li>Enter the amount </li>
    <li>Select the date </li>
    <li>Choose a category and account </li>
    <li>Choose recurrence </li>
    <li>Click the Add Income </li>
  </ol> &nbsp;
</td>

<td>
  <ol>
    <li>Amount = 670</li>
    <li>Date = 16/06/2019 </li>
    <li>Category = Salary </li>
    <li>Account = Card</li>
    <li>Recurrence = Monthly</li>
  </ol>
  &nbsp;</td>

<td>
  Data Inserted is displayed and entry box is emptied &nbsp;</td>

<td>
  <ol>
    <li>Amount = 70.50</li>
    <li>Date = 19/06/2019 </li>
    <li>Category = Part-time </li>
    <li>Account = Cash</li>
    <li>Recurrence = One Time</li>
  </ol>&nbsp;
</td>

<td>
  Data Inserted is displayed and entry box is emptied &nbsp;</td>

<td>
  Data Inserted is displayed and entry box is emptied &nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove Pin</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>View stats</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Edit filter</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<script charset="utf-8">var TGSort=window.TGSort||function(n){"use strict";function r(n){return n.length}function t(n,t){if(n)for(var e=0,a=r(n);a>e;++e)t(n[e],e)}function e(n){return n.split("").reverse().join("")}function a(n){var e=n[0];return t(n,function(n){for(;!n.startsWith(e);)e=e.substring(0,r(e)-1)}),r(e)}function o(n,r){return-1!=n.map(r).indexOf(!0)}function u(n,r){return function(t){var e="";return t.replace(n,function(n,t,a){return e=t.replace(r,"")+"."+(a||"").substring(1)}),l(e)}}function i(n){var t=l(n);return!isNaN(t)&&r(""+t)+1>=r(n)?t:NaN}function s(n){var e=[];return t([i,m,g],function(t){var a;r(e)||o(a=n.map(t),isNaN)||(e=a)}),e}function c(n){var t=s(n);if(!r(t)){var o=a(n),u=a(n.map(e)),i=n.map(function(n){return n.substring(o,r(n)-u)});t=s(i)}return t}function f(n){var r=n.map(Date.parse);return o(r,isNaN)?[]:r}function v(n,r){r(n),t(n.childNodes,function(n){v(n,r)})}function d(n){var r,t=[],e=[];return v(n,function(n){var a=n.nodeName;"TR"==a?(r=[],t.push(r),e.push(n)):("TD"==a||"TH"==a)&&r.push(n)}),[t,e]}function p(n){if("TABLE"==n.nodeName){for(var e=d(n),a=e[0],o=e[1],u=r(a),i=u>1&&r(a[0])<r(a[1])?1:0,s=i+1,v=a[i],p=r(v),l=[],m=[],g=[],h=s;u>h;++h){for(var N=0;p>N;++N){r(m)<p&&m.push([]);var T=a[h][N],C=T.textContent||T.innerText||"";m[N].push(C.trim())}g.push(h-s)}var L="tg-sort-asc",E="tg-sort-desc",b=function(){for(var n=0;p>n;++n){var r=v[n].classList;r.remove(L),r.remove(E),l[n]=0}};t(v,function(n,t){l[t]=0;var e=n.classList;e.add("tg-sort-header"),n.addEventListener("click",function(){function n(n,r){var t=d[n],e=d[r];return t>e?a:e>t?-a:a*(n-r)}var a=l[t];b(),a=1==a?-1:+!a,a&&e.add(a>0?L:E),l[t]=a;var i=m[t],v=function(n,r){return a*i[n].localeCompare(i[r])||a*(n-r)},d=c(i);(r(d)||r(d=f(i)))&&(v=n);var p=g.slice();p.sort(v);for(var h=null,N=s;u>N;++N)h=o[N].parentNode,h.removeChild(o[N]);for(var N=s;u>N;++N)h.appendChild(o[s+p[N-s]])})})}}var l=parseFloat,m=u(/^(?:\s*)([+-]?(?:\d+)(?:,\d{3})*)(\.\d*)?$/g,/,/g),g=u(/^(?:\s*)([+-]?(?:\d+)(?:\.\d{3})*)(,\d*)?$/g,/\./g);n.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",function(){for(var t=n.getElementsByClassName("tg"),e=0;e<r(t);++e)try{p(t[e])}catch(a){}})}(document);</script>
<p>Data values used in these use cases adhere to either Equivalence classes or boundary value analysis.</p>

WHITE BOX TESTING
